Add changelog 1.12.4, bump (#5678)
btcpayserver/btcpayserver: Changelog.md

# Changelog

## 1.12.4

### Bug fixes

* Fix: When the mempool fee was above 850 sat/vbyte, it was being rounded to 2000 sat/vbyte (#5643) @Kukks
* Fix: Bitpay's API rate route was not backward compatible for some queries (#5671) @NicolasDorier
* Fix: Partial Payment displayed 'Could not update BTC (LNURL-Pay)' in invoice logs (#5670) @NicolasDorier
* Fix: BTCPay Server failed to start the first time when installing a new plugin (#5595) @NicolasDorier
* Importing a Taproot account from Passport failed with no error message (#5518 #5638) @Kukks

> * Fix: Unable to reach the payment page when a custom form was enabled (#5655 #5658) @dennisreimann

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix: POS order with invalid form input was unable to reach the payment page (#5655 #5658) @dennisreimann
```
